# hello-world
not yet determined

hi, i'm a professional shitposter, though i'm not very good with consistent uploads. also there's the problem of me being a perfectionist, so i only upload stuff to the internet that i've combed over for like 5 months. also i'm slow to being excited, so i sometimes sink into periods of mostly inactivity. right now i'm trying to figure out some electronic music bullshit and learning how code. coding is what i intend to do for a living, and music is what i plan to center my hobbies around for the forseeable future. like half of my musical output for the past 3 years has been two albums i've made with my friend called dicks out for santa claus (1 & 2, respectively) because they were really easy to make. i'd like to make more shitpost music, but i can't exactly determine how to progress with it. dofsc was a very of the time and of my school sort of music, and it felt almost essential, just like more serious music that i could have made. perhaps i should just make something, and figure it out as i go, but currently i don't have a drive for making that shit anymore (not like i used to). sometimes i worry that i'll run out of creative drive (not that i'm not always basically running on empty). i suppose its become a part of my identity, that i'm a creative person, and if i'm not creating things, i sometimes feel like a bad version of who i identify as, at leat when i think about it. guess it's a question of what gives a person's life value, or meaning. definately don't know the answer to that for myself. all i can really do, i guess, is keep moving, even if sometimes aimlessly or abitrarily, trough the world, as described by that album [null note head]. that's bassically what my life has been about, ever since things were set into motion in 2008. perhaps i've always been destined to be a wanderer. idk moses in the bible was a wanderer and he like created the foundations of jewish culture, so maybe i too can claim to have figured some stuff out by the end of my life, we'll see. deep thoughts, huh. i'm in a transitionary point in my life, what with graduating from high school in like 5 months. we'll just have to see how things work out.

------
|null|
|note|
|head|
------
